ENTMQSTPR-48: Expanding record encryption example to cover AWS KMS (#503)
jboss-container-images/amqstreams-1-openshift-image: examples/proxy/record-encryption/PREPARE_KMS.md

It is assumed that you'll be deploying the HashiCorp Vault feature to the same OpenShift Cluster where you'll be evaluating AMQ Stream Proxy.

> ### Prerequisites

Author: No, there's a change in topic (`##`) before each.

> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer: Doh!

> * Administrative access to the OpenShift Cluster being used to evaluate AMQ Stream Proxy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Administrative access to the OpenShift Cluster being used to evaluate Streams for Apache Kafka Proxy
```

```sh
rm *.token
```

# Preparing AWS KMS

To use [AWS KMS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/overview.html) for record encryption, follow these steps. 

### Prerequisites

* An AWS account with the following privileges:

> ** The ability to create keys in AWS KMS.

Reviewer 3: if the intention here is to create a nested bullet, shouldn't be used with a single asterisk indented? [nested lists](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#nested-lists)

```
* An AWS account with the following privileges:
  * The ability to create keys in AWS KMS.
```

Author: Yes, you are quite correct.

  * The ability to create an application identity for use by the filter. This includes creating an IAM user with an access key, and creating and attaching policies.
* The following tools are installed:

>   * [AWS CLI ](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/).

Reviewer: nit!
```suggestion
  * [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/).
```

  * GNU `sed`
  * `jq`

Note: these examples are prepared against AWS CLI 2.13.17.

### Configuring an Application Identity

Define a variable containing your AWS account id.

```sh
AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=$(aws sts get-caller-identity --query Account --output text)
```

You need to create an AWS IAM for use by Record Encryption:

```sh

> aws iam create-user --user-name kroxylicious

Reviewer: Should we use `kroxylicious` I think thats the first reference to the upstream project in the docs.

Though I admit its a better username than `streamsForApacheKafkaProxyRecordEncryptionFilter`

Author: proxyUser?

Reviewer: Probably `kafkaProxyUser` for consistency's sake

```sh
rm *.token
```

# AWS

You can use an [AWS KMS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/overview.html) as the KMS for Record Encryption.

### Prerequisites

* You must have an AWS account.
* You must possess credentials with sufficient privileges to create keys in AWS KMS.
* You must possess credentials with sufficient privileges to create an application identity for use by the filter.
  To do this you require privileges create an IAM user with an access key, create and attach policies. 
* AWS CLI [installed](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/).
* GNU sed
* JQ

Note: these examples are prepared against AWS CLI 2.13.17.

### Configuring an Application Identity

Define a variable containing your AWS account id.

```sh
AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=$(aws sts get-caller-identity --query Account --output text)
```

You need to create an AWS IAM for use by Record Encryption:

```sh
AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=$(aws sts get-caller-identity --query Account --output text)
aws iam create-user --user-name kroxylicious
aws iam create-access-key --user-name kroxylicious > access_key.json

> oc create secret generic proxy-encryption-kms-secret -n proxy --from-file=accessKeyId.txt=<(jq -r .AccessKey.AccessKeyId access_key.json) --from-file=secretAccessKey.txt=<(jq -r .AccessKey.SecretAccessKey access_key.json) --dry-run=client -o yaml > base/proxy/proxy-encryption-kms-secret.yaml

Author: I think the rename is a good idea.  Customers will tend to copy and adapt from examples. So there's a good change we'd be propagating the bare word `proxy` into their organisation as a namespace. No one will thank us.  Let's change it.

```

Create an `AliasBasedIAMPolicy` granting permissions to use keys aliased `alias/KEK_*`.

```sh

> aws iam create-policy --policy-name KroxyliciousRecordEncryption --policy-document file://<(sed -e "s#[$]{AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}#${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}#" kms-setup/aws/kek.policy)

Author: my mental model - run a program capturing its stdout as a temporary file making that file available via a filename.

https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/Process-Substitution.html#Process-Substitution

Don't think I'm familiar with a `<$()` form (unless  `$()` part is resolved first)

> aws iam create-policy --policy-name KroxyliciousRecordEncryption --policy-document file://<(sed -e "s#[$]{AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}#${AWS_ACCOUNT_ID}#" kms-setup/aws/kek.policy)

Reviewer: It's just my bad foo. `()` seems like is enough for the sub shell and .
